A unique ID for each survey respondent
Probably the date of the interview, in YYYYMMDD format
Age of survey respondent (years)
Sex of survey respondent
Job status: stable, unstable, student, retired, homemaker, or other
Marital status: married, unmarried, other
Maximum educational attainment (PostGrad = post-graduate, Grad = college or university, Second = high school, Hi = middle school)
Height (cm)
Weight (kg)
Place the survey was conducted
Body mass index, calculated from height and weight
Whether the respondent has health insurance
Time since the respondent last visited a doctor with symptoms of a disease (less12 = less than 12 months, b1224 = between 12 and 24 months, g24 = over 24 months, unknow [sic] = respondent doesn’t know)
Time since respondent last visited a doctor for a check-up, not prompted by a specific illness. Coded in the same way
Reason for their last check-up (noti.disease = concern over illness or epidemic, adv.sig = worrying symptoms, request = requested by an employer or insurance company, volunteer = no immediate reason)
Does the respondent believe check-ups are a waste of time?
Does the respondent believe check-ups are a waste of money?
Is the respondent afraid of check-ups because they’re afraid of discovering a disease?
Does the respondent have little faith in the quality of medical service?
Does the respondent believe check-ups are not urgent or important?
Does the respondent believe health is a first priority?
Are check-ups subsidized by the respondent’s employer or community?
Did the respondent get the habit of regular check-ups from their family or employer?
Does the respondent constantly follow updates on their health measures?
Is the respondent receiving long-term medical treatment?
Is a member of the respondent’s family receiving long-term medical treatment?
Are the respondent and their family all in good health?
Does the respondent keep a medical cabinet and basic medical equipment at home?
Does the respondent have the skills to use basic medical equipment?
Does the respondent have experience taking care of a sick family member?
Does the respondent’s family regularly take simple medical measurements, like blood pressure or weight?
If the respondent were provided cash to have a check-up, what would they do? allsoon = use all the money to have a check-up soon, partly = use part of the money for a check-up and save the rest, later = take all the money and have a check-up later
Perceived quality of medical equipment and personnel at check-ups. Scale of 1 to 5, 1=lowest quality
Perceived ability of examiner to perform medical services that meet the patient’s expertations, scale of 1 to 5
Perceived timeliness of check-up service, scale of 1 to 5
Perceived knowledge or ability to assure professional reliance, scale of 1 to 5
Perceived thoughtfulness and sense of responsibility of medical staff, scale of 1 to 5
Respondent’s preferred way of dealing with new symptoms: clinic = go to a clinic, askrel = ask family and relatives for advice, selfstudy = do personal research.
Respondent’s general opinion of public health (good, quite good, bad, unknown)
How often respondent believes check-ups should be done (6m = every 6 months, 12m = every 12 months, 18m = every 18 months, g18m = less often than every 18 months)
How much the respondent believes a check-up should cost (low = less than 1 million VND, med = from 1 to 2 million VND, hi = over 2 million VND)
Is the respondent willing to use information technology to detect health problems, if it’s reliable?
If a healthcare app indicated that the respondent needed to have a check-up, would they arrange one?
Respondent’s rating of the sufficiency of information they received in check-ups, 1 to 5 scale
Respondent’s rating of the attractiveness of information they received in check-ups, 1 to 5 scale
Respondent’s rating of the impressiveness of information they received in check-ups, 1 to 5 scale
Respondent’s rating of the popularity of information they received in check-ups, 1 to 5 scale
How much time the respondent thinks people should spend on sports and physical exercise to stay in shape (units not given)
How much time the respondent spends on sports and physical exercise (verysuff = ‘more than enough’, quitesuff = ‘enough’, little = ‘only a little’, trivial = ‘none or almost none’
The respondent’s age, broken into one of five categories
